INSTALLING BINARY kgmplayer
Just untar the tarball (tar xf <tarball>)
cd to the directory
and run 
./install.sh
It should work, as most dependencies are provided, other than the
system files

Notes on kgmplayer

This is full source code for 'kgmplayer' and includes all necessary
dependencies including 'kglib' and OpenSource components including the
necessary CD libraries and tools.

Though it includes the 'Mplayer' source also, some modifications are
there.
Hence copying another version of 'Mplayer' source may not work unless
corresponding modifications are made in the new 'Mplayer' source. All the 
modifications are marked with '#ifdef D_KULINA'.

Just a make will build a statically linked 'kgmplayer'. 
'make install' (as superuser or with sudo) will install 'kgmplayer'
under /usr/bin. It will also create a link to 'kgMplayer' (note the
uppercase 'M' in kgMplayer). In case you face any problem in the
on-screen
menu in the fullscreen mode (due to Window Manager issues) one can
use 'kgMplayer'.

'kgmplayer' identifies any HDMI connections and try to use it. Please
remember to restart 'kgmplayer' (or kgMplayer) after making any HDMI
connections. If an HDMI connection is available(and identified) audio
will also be directed to the HDMI by default, which may be changed the
user..

If 'pulswaudio' is available (and HDMI is not connected) pulseaudio will
be used for audio, since in the new version of Bluez pulseaudio is needed for
bluetooth speaker.

In Version 3.0, a media tool box is added, which can be used for editing media
file. Following tools are available.
1. Converting audio from a media file to mp3. 
   The media can be any supported media file, video or audio. It also
   allows to select a range, quality and volume enhancement.
2. Convert video to mp4.
   Again selecting a range is avalable. Options to select quality,
   change of aspect ratio and scaling are also available.
3. Joining video files to a mp4 file.
   Input files can be any video of supported format.
4. Joing audio from a number of media files to mp3.
   Input files can be any media file of supported format.
5. Changing or adding audio to video file.
   Audio can be from any media file of supported format. Input video
   also can be any supported format. However output will be mp4.
6. Mixing audio to a media file.
   Audio input can be any media file of supported format. The second
   media can be a video or audio file. Output is mp4, however
   if the second input is audio only, the output will also be audio.
   
Ver 4.0  supports subtitle and an option to play all media files
in a folder.

Installed programs.

1. kgmplayer
2. kgMplayer - a link to kgmplayer and can be used in case of any
on-screen menu issues.
